STUDENT:	Deni Van Winkle
LOGIN ID:	deni.vanwinkle
DEGREE: 	BSGD

TEAM NAME: 	Ice Cubez
TEAM ID:	C03
GAME NAME: 	Inversion
HIGH CONCEPT:	A layered level adventure through a linear color based 2D platformer with a grappling hook.

LINKS: 	https://svn.digipen.edu/projects/ice_cubez/trunk/
        https://trac.digipen.edu/projects/ice_cubez

WORK DONE:
1/18	 2 hours Design and idea meeting with team
1/22	 1 hour  Plannning teammeeting and what everyone has worked on in the project so far.
1/23 	 3 hours Creating the weekly design document and oking all the details with the rest of the team, as well as creating the pitch presentation.
1/24 	 1 hour  Planning who would say what in the pitch presentaion, to only be throughout the window at the last moment as a teammember hadn't shown up
1/24	 2 hours Implementing the intitial FMOD code and included the libraries that were needed
1/29     4 hours Debugging the FMOD implementation and project additions
1/30     1 hour  Creating the weekly design document and oking all the details with the rest of the team.
1/31	 2 hours Creating a time table and backlog in excel for the team to use
2/3 	 3 hours Implemented a logo game state and main menu game state, don't have the art assets for it yet though, Debugging any possible glitched before engine proof 
2/4 	 1 hour  Disscussing progress of the game so far with one teammate
2/4 	 1 hour  Placing the sprite and animation files into the project and checking if they break the project
2/6 	 2 hours Making the weekly report and the slideshow for the presentation/ checking the working build
2/7	 1 hour  Planning the presentation as if we were a teammember down and trying to figure out who's svn update broke the build

TOTAL HOURS:
24 hours

TOTAL LINES OF CODE:
132

NOTES:
Communication has become a problem for everyone on the team. I will attempt to contact people and instead of taking the normal thirty minutes
or so for a response I won't get one at all. Before some of the production reports I didn't have what everyone had finished because no one
had sent me anything when I asked.
Stepping on eachothers code creates problems and lead to the eventual crash before the presentation. I've started using as many possible
places to communicate with the rest of the team as possible this includes sending a message anytime I'm working on code, adding a ticket
in trac and putting it manually into the backlog file in our svn.

Not sure if I used the code counting exe correctly it gave me more lines of code than I'm counting. My count is at 87, I will use the
number that the exe is counting above in total, but I think that it may be wrong. The log with all the files lines will be in the root
folder with the solution if you want to check it.